I- Opening of the meeting
Mr. Scott opened the meeting at 9:00 am.
He thanked the participants for their attendance and noted the absence of Mr. Harper, who was responsible for supplier relations, as he was currently travelling to a client in Denver.
Mr Scott reminded the meeting of the subject of the meeting, which was to discuss the renewal of the contract with the independent contractor for the financial forecasting software.

II- Course of the meeting
Mrs Beesly, head of the finance department, and Mr Scott were satisfied with the work done by the company Finance3000. Although there have been some breakdowns and accessibility problems with the software during the year, the responsiveness of the contractor to fix the problems has been greatly appreciated. However, given the number of problems that occurred during this year (sixteen), i.e. more than one per month, when the maximum allowable denial of service was one per month, Mr. Scott, as well as Mr. Harper, consider that they are within their rights to seek redress for these four additional outages. Mr Scott therefore asked that the current contract with the company [insert name] be reviewed before proceeding with a possible renewal, if the company Finance3000 validated the terms of the new contract.

Mr Patrick expressed his willingness to renew the contract, but had reservations about amending the contract, as it was found that five of the sixteen breakdowns were caused by misuse of the service provided by the contractor, and that there were therefore only eleven breakdowns during the year out of the twelve acceptable in the specifications. It therefore considers that there is no reason to provide compensation of any kind.

Mr Scott countered that the contractor should have provided more comprehensive training on the use of the service provided by the contractor. Thus, the company is liable in this case.

Mr Patrick replied that the training had been provided and that, therefore, the company Finance3000 could not be held liable for any errors made by the trained users.

Mr Scott agreed that training had been provided by the contractor, but that it was insufficient in terms of results.

Mr Patrick acknowledged that more training might have been necessary, but rejected the responsibility, as Mr Scott had also failed to fulfil his duty to cooperate with the service provider by reporting problems in time, and it was now too late. Mr Patrick proposes to settle out of court, as the blame is shared in this case. 

Mr. Scott agrees to an out-of-court settlement, but announces that if the settlement is not fair, he will refuse to renew the contract and will go to the competition.

Patrick offers to provide his service users with more in-depth training to avoid human error failures, but requires his client, SuperEntreprise500, to report any human error problems that his team may report to him as soon as possible. He also announced that if the external service provider noticed too many breakdowns due to human error, he would take the decision to restrict access to certain functionalities, in order to secure its use and thus avoid further breakdowns. He also requests that he be provided with a login so that he can send a maintenance team directly to his company for the duration of the training in the company, as well as to adjust the permissions granted to users in case this is necessary. In return for this commercial gesture, he demanded that he retain the price scale of the previous contract. 

After a few minutes' consideration, Mr Scott finally agreed to the new terms of the contract. He told him that the identifier he would provide would be (prestaextformation/akdTpneJ2022) so that he could carry out in-depth training for his employees and security maintenance for his service, provided that these features did not hinder his employees' work.

Mr Patrick thanked Mr Scott for this information, and the two of them, with the help of Mr Hudson, a commercial law professional, drafted a new contract incorporating the points discussed during the meeting into the contract.

Mr. Scott and Mr. Patrick shook hands to conclude the deal and Mr. Scott closed the meeting, telling Mr. Patrick that he would give all the details of the meeting to Mr. Harper who could not be there today, and whom Mr. Scott was replacing. Mr. Scott and Mr. Patrick said goodbye, and the contract with the provider Finance3000 will be renewed for another year.
